Crow: DID THAT
COOLING ROD WORK?
WE IN BUSINESS?
YUP.
THANKS FOR
TRACKING IT DOWN.
Akiza: TRACKING WHAT DOWN?
Crow: LOOKIN' GOOD!
Jack: YOU ALMOST LOOK LIKE
A TURBO DUELIST.
IS THAT WHAT
I THINK IT IS?
THIS IS YOUR
MEMBERSHIP CARD.
Akiza: SO I WANNA
JOIN THE CLUB.
I WANT A PIECE
OF THE ACTION.
I WANNA SPEAK
YOUR LANGUAGE.
I JUST--I WANNA BE A PART
OF YOUR WORLD, YUSEI.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I WANNA BECOME
A TURBO DUELIST.
WE BUILT THIS
BAD BOY
USING PARTS WE
SCRAPED TOGETHER
FROM A COUPLE
OF SCRAP YARDS.
IT'S NO ZX-2200,
BUT IT'LL TREAT YOU
GOOD ENOUGH,
FOR NOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO SAY, FELLAS.
Yusei: WELL, HOW 'BOUT
"NOTHING CAN STOP ME
FROM GETTING
MY LICENSE"?
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Teacher: WELL, ENROLLMENT
CERTAINLY HAS GONE UP
SINCE THE ANNOUNCEMENT
OF THE GRAND PRIX.
I USED TO TEACH THIS
CLASS IN THE BASEMENT.
QUICK WARNING FOR ALL YOU
DREAMERS OUT THERE, THOUGH--
GETTING YOUR TURBO
LICENSE IS HARD.
QUALIFYING FOR THE GRAND
PRIX IS EVEN HARDER.
Leo: SO DOES THIS
MEAN YOU'RE GONNA
BE TAKING
THE GRAND
PRIX BY STORM?
LEO!
LUNA!
LET'S NOT GET AHEAD OF
OURSELVES OR ANYTHING.
I'M NOT EVEN THINKING ABOUT
THE GRAND PRIX RIGHT NOW.
I'M JUST HOPING I CAN
QUALIFY FOR A LICENSE.
DON'T WORRY, AKIZA,
YOU'RE GONNA
BE GREAT.
Student: EXCUSE ME, BUT, UM,
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE
IN THE RIGHT PLACE?
YEAH, SHOULDN'T YOU
BE AT HOME,
PLAYING
WITH YOUR DOLLS?
OR PRETENDING
TO COOK
IN A LITTLE
PLASTIC OVEN WHILE
WATCHING BOY
BANDS ON TV?
UH, AKIZA'S A SENIOR
AT DUEL ACADEMY.
AND SHE'S THE BEST
IN HER CLASS.
OH, OH,
I AM SO SCARED.
THIS AIN'T DUEL SCHOOL.
TURBO DUELS ARE THE
TOUGHEST DUELS EVER.
AND IT TAKES A REAL MAN
TO HANDLE A DUEL RUNNER.
SO WHEN ARE THESE
"REAL MEN" SUPPOSED
TO SHOW UP?
HUH?
UH.
Teacher: HEY, YOU FOUR,
ENOUGH DAWDLIN'!
THE TRACK'S NOT
WALKIN' OVER TO YOU!
MOVE IT!
IT'S TIME FOR THE TRAINING
WHEELS TO COME OFF,
BOYS AND GIRL.
NO MORE AUTOPILOT
FROM HERE ON OUT.
IT'S JUST YOU,
YOUR RUNNER,
AND THE CRUEL,
CRUEL PAVEMENT.
NOW GET
ON YOUR RIDES
'N SHOW ME WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF!
WHAT'D I MISS?
THIS IS CAKE.
I'M GONNA FLY AROUND
THIS TRACK FASTER THAN
A BOLT OF LIGHTNING.
WHOA!
WELL, EVEN LIGHTNING
CRASHES.
Teacher: NUMBSKULL!
YA WENT TOO FAST!
NEXT!
UH. OKAY!
JUST STAY UPRIGHT.
I MADE IT!
Teacher:
TOO SLOW, GRANNY PANTS!
I COULDA LAPPED YA
4 TIMES ALREADY!
WHO'S NEXT?!
Akiza: I AM!
GO, AKIZA, RIP IT UP!
THIS SPEED.
THE WHOLE WORLD JUST FLYING
AT ME LIKE THIS--
IT'S--IT'S--
IT'S SO INCREDIBLE!
WOOOOOO HOOOOO!!
AKIZA!
SLOW DOWN! YOU
WON'T BE ABLE TO--
[BANG]
Akiza: I'M OKAY!
SHE'S GETTIN' BETTER
'N BETTER EVERY DAY.
YUP.
YOU'RE MINE, SHARP CURVE!
AAH!
AKIZA, YOU OKAY?
OH, MAN!
EASY DOES IT.
I ALMOST HAD IT.
I JUST--
THAT'S IT!
IF MORE I DRIFT AT THE TURN
OF THE BEGINNING, THEN GUN IT
WHEN I BEND THE ROUND
AND HOLD THE TORQUE,
THAT OUGHTA DO IT.
I THINK SHE'S CRASHED
ONE TOO MANY TIMES.
UH! HOLD IT.
UH!
Yusei: YOU'RE PUSHING
TOO HARD.
OKAY, I THINK I'VE
GOT THE HANG OF IT.
GOOD.
JUST KEEP TRUSTING
YOUR INSTINCTS.
ANGLE OF ENTRY IS GOOD.
AND THE BIKE IS
GRIPPING THE TRACK RIGHT.
NOW JUST LET IT DRIFT
WITH THE CURVE.
JUST LET IT DRIFT.
I DID IT!
HA HA HA!
VERY NICE.
Yusei: THIS SHOULD
HELP STABILIZE
THE HANDLING, AKIZA.
[THINKING]
IT'S SO NICE OF YUSEI
TO HELP ME LIKE THIS.
TIME TO REV IT UP.
OH, MAN, JUST--WOW!
THAT'S HER BEST TIME YET!
Teacher: YOU QUALIFY!
YOU BET I DO!
OH, AKIZA.
[THINKING]
SHE MAY HAVE QUALIFIED.
BUT THERE'S NO WAY SHE'S
PASSING THE FINAL EXAM.
I'LL SEE TO THAT.
Teacher: WELL, IT'S BEEN
A GRUELING TWO WEEKS!
BUT AKIZA'S THE ONLY ONE OF
YOU SORRY PUNKS THAT EVEN
QUALIFIED FOR THE FINAL EXAM!
THE REST OF YA'LL ARE
LITTLE FAILURE BABY MEN!
YOU GOTTA
BE KIDDING ME.
THIS IS BUNK.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HOW LAME WE ARE.
YEAH.
Yusei: ALL YOU GOTTA DO NOW
IS PASS THE FINAL EXAM.
YOU CAN DO IT, AKIZA.
YOU THINK?
OF COURSE, THOUGH
THERE'S ONE TRICK
YOU MIGHT
WANNA LEARN.
YOU NEED TO KNOW HOW
TO DRIFT BACKWARDS.
I'M GUESSING IT'S
HARDER THAN IT LOOKS?
AT FIRST.
BUT ONCE YOU KNOW YOU
CAN PULL IT OFF, YOU'RE READY
FOR ALMOST ANYTHING THAT
MIGHT COME YOUR WAY.
RIGHT. LET ME TRY.
AAH!
THIS LOOKS BAD.
HUH?
ANYONE GET THE LICENSE
PLATE ON THAT RHINO?
[CHATTER]
UM, DO YOU FEEL LIKE
A THIRD WHEEL?
THIS ISN'T
A DATE, LEO.
IT'S ALL ABOUT
REMEMBERING WHAT WAS
BEHIND YOU
AND RELAXING.
UH...
YOU HAVE, UH...
SKATED BEFORE,
RIGHT?
I'VE WATCHED PEOPLE
SKATING IN THE PARK.
SEE? THIS IS
TOTALLY A DATE.
LEO, HE'S TRYING
TO TEACH HER
SOMETHING
ABOUT TURBO DUELING.
IT'S ALL ABOUT
ANTICIPATION.
MAYBE I SHOULD
LEARN HOW TO GO
FORWARD FIRST.
YOU HAVE TO JUST TRUST
YOURSELF AND LET GO.
JUST FOR THE RECORD,
I MEANT TO DO THAT!
YOU GOT IT!
NOW SPIN AROUND
AND COAST!
STILL THINKIN'
IT'S NOT A DATE?
OKAY, YEAH, IT'S
TOTALLY A DATE.
I KNOW YOU CAN
DO THIS, AKIZA.
JUST TRUST YOURSELF.
HUH?
HEY!
Jack: ABOUT TIME
YOU SHOWED UP.
WHAT IS THIS?!
Yusei: YOUR PRACTICE BIKE
WASN'T CUTTING IT ANYMORE,
SO WE MADE A
FEW ADJUSTMENTS.
Crow: I INSTALLED THE
BRAKE SYSTEM AND THE
DECK INTERFACE.
Yusei: I ADDED
TO THE FRAME AND
RECONFIGURED THE ENGINE.
Jack:
I PROVIDED VERBAL
ENCOURAGEMENT.
IT'S AWESOME!
IT'S A REAL RUNNER.
I GUESS THAT...NOW ALL
IT NEEDS IS A REAL RIDER.
ARE YOU READY?
LOOKS LIKE WE
JUST MADE IT.
Leo: HERE GOES
THE FIRST GUY.
AAH! OH!
Crow: OOH, WIPE-OUT!
Jack: POOR SAP
NEVER DREW A CARD.
HEH!
ANOTHER WANNABE
BITES THE DUST.
HUH?
IS THAT TRUDGE!?
WELL! IF IT ISN'T
THE PEANUT GALLERY!
YOU'RE UP, AKIZA.
CONGRATS FOR
GETTING THIS FAR.
NOW THERE'S JUST ONE THING
STANDING BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR
TURBO LICENSE.
AND THAT THING IS HANDSOME,
WEARS A SHARP UNIFORM,
AND ANSWERS TO
"OFFICER TRUDGE."
AND IT'S PLANNING ON
WIPING THE ROAD
WITH YOU, KID.
AW, COME ON.
HE'S REALLY GONNA
TRASH TALK AFTER ALL
WE'VE BEEN
THROUGH TOGETHER?
THERE'S NO WAY SHE
CAN DEFEAT HIM.
YOU EVER HEAD OF
SCHADENFREUDE?
YOU MEAN "PLEASURE
DERIVED FROM
THE MISFORTUNE
OF OTHERS?"
SURE HAVE.
HEE HEE HEE!
SORRY, AKIZA, BUT I
CAN'T GO EASY ON YA.
WOULDN'T WANT YOU TO.
IT'S NOW TIME TO
BEGIN THE TURBO
REGISTRATION FINAL EXAM.
ON YOUR MARKS.
GET SET.
DUEL!
[TIRES SQUEAL]
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED WORLD 2
FIELD SPELL!
LET'S RIDE!
Computer: DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT ACTIVATED.
[THINKING]
IF I TAKE THE FIRST
CURVE BEFORE TRUDGE,
I'LL BE ABLE TO MAKE
THE FIRST MOVE.
[THINKING]
LET'S FIND OUT
WHAT SHE'S GOT.
YES!
SHE TOOK THAT
CORNER PERFECTLY!
WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR? THE
FIRST MOVE'S YOURS!
YOU'RE NOT SCARED,
ARE YA, KID?
LOOK, NO ONE'LL
BLAME YA' IF YOU
WANNA QUIT NOW.
I MEAN, NOBODY
EXPECTS YOU
TO PASS, ANYWAY.
MAN, TRUDGE IS DOIN'
EVERYTHING HE CAN TO
SHAKE HER UP, ISN'T HE?
WHY IS HE BEING
LIKE THAT?
HE'S JUST MAKING SURE
THAT SHE CAN TAKE IT,
'CAUSE IF A LITTLE
PRESSURE THROWS HER OFF,
THEN HER GAME'LL
NEVER PASS THIS TEST.
THE FIRST MOVE'S
MINE. I DRAW!
[THINKING]
A SPEED SPELL.
PERFECT.
COME ON, KID,
SHOW ME THAT YOU'VE
GOT WHAT IT TAKES
TO PROVE ALL
THE DOUBTERS WRONG.
I SUMMON REVIVAL ROSE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE SUMMON SPEEDER
SPEED SPELL!
Computer: ACTION PROHIBITED.
Akiza: HUH!?
HUH? DID SHE JUST DO
WHAT I THINK
SHE JUST DID?
MM-HMM. I GUESS SHE FORGOT
THAT SPEED SPELLS REQUIRE
SOME ACTUAL SPEED.
SHE'S MORE NERVOUS
THAN I THOUGHT.
[THINKING]
OH, THAT'S RIGHT. THE WHOLE
SPEED COUNTER THING.
STOP STALLING!
MAKE YOUR NEXT MOVE!
I--I END MY TURN!
MY MOVE THEN!
I SUMMON STYGIAN STREET
PATROL IN ATTACK MODE!
LET'S RUMBLE!
GO, STREET PATROL,
SEND HER ROSE
TO THE SLAMMER!
AND NOW, STYGIAN
STREET PATROL'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES.
AFTER DESTROYING
YOUR MONSTER IN BATTLE,
IT CAN KNOCK YOU
WITH DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE LEVEL OF YOUR
DEFEATED MONSTER
MULTIPLIED
BY 100 POINTS!
I SLAP ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T GET IT
TOGETHER, I'M DONE FOR.
ARE YOU FEELIN'
THE PRESSURE YET, AKIZA?
HA HA! HOW 'BOUT NOW?
UHH!
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
AND I SUMMON
TWILIGHT ROSE KNIGHT!
AND WHEN TWILIGHT
ROSE KNIGHT IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
IT CAN IMMEDIATELY
GRANT ME THE ABILITY
TO SUMMON A LEVEL-FOUR
OR BELOW PLANT-TYPE
MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
SO I'M SUMMONING
LORD POISON
IN ATTACK MODE.
NOW THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!
SHE'S FINDING HER GROOVE.
Akiza: AND NOW
LORD POISON GETS
A TUNING
FROM TWILIGHT
ROSE KNIGHT.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
HEH! PRETTY GOOD, AKIZA.
BUT IF YOU THINK SOME
OVERGROWN FLOWER LIZARD'S
GONNA PUT THE FEAR IN ME,
THEN YOU NEED TO GET REAL
AND GET SERIOUS.
YEAH, WELL,
LET'S SEE IF YOU'RE
STILL SAYING THAT
AFTER BLACK ROSE DRAGON
ATTACKS STYGIAN
STREET PATROL!
NOT A GOOD MOVE, AKIZA.
NOT WITH MY FINAL PENALTY
TRAP CARD ON THE FIELD!
HUH?
SEE, WHEN YOU DESTROY ONE
OF MY MONSTERS IN BATTLE,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO HALF ITS ATTACK POINTS,
AND THEN FINAL PENALTY
OBLITERATES YOUR
ATTACKING MONSTER.
AAH! OH!
WELL, SO MUCH
FOR THE DRAGON.
DON'T LET HIM
GET TO YOU.
COME RIGHT BACK
AT HIM.
SINCE YOU DESTROYED
ONE OF MY MONSTERS,
I CAN SUMMON
REVIVAL ROSE
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL!
BY YANKING STYGIAN
STREET PATROL FROM
MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVING IT
ENTIRELY FROM PLAY,
I CAN RADIO FOR BACK-UP
AND SUMMON A FIEND
MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
AND LOOK WHO'S ARRIVING
ON THE SCENE--
ANOTHER STYGIAN
STREET PATROL!
NEXT, I SUMMON STYGIAN
SECURITY IN ATTACK MODE!
AND SINCE THESE TWO JUST
LOVE WORKING TOGETHER,
I THINK I'LL TUNE
MY STYGIAN SECURITY WITH
MY STYGIAN STREET PATROL
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE STYGIAN SERGEANTS!
[ROARING]
TIME FOR SOME BRUTALITY!
STYGIAN SERGEANTS,
UPROOT THAT REVIVAL ROSE!
BUT I'M NOT DONE THERE!
I'M SURE YOU'VE HEARD
ABOUT OFFICERS TEAMING UP
TO PLAY GOOD-COP,
BAD-COP, RIGHT?
WELL, STYGIAN SERGEANTS
PREFER TO PLAY
BAD-COP BAD-COP.
WHEN THEY SUCCESSFULLY
DESTROY YOUR MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
THEY GAIN 800 ATTACK
POINTS AND THEN
ATTACK YOU AGAIN.
OH, NO. SHE'S GOT
2800 LIFE POINTS.
IF HE LANDS
THIS ATTACK,
THEN IT'S ALL OVER.
HA HA HA!
NOW I ATTACK YOU
DIRECTLY!
I ACTIVATE
THE OFFENSIVE GUARD
TRAP CARD!
WHEN YOU ATTACK ME
DIRECTLY, I CAN USE
THE POWER
OF OFFENSIVE GUARD
TO HALVE THE
ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR MONSTER
UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF THIS TURN.
AND THEN I CAN
DRAW ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK!
COME ON! YOU SURVIVED
THAT ATTACK?!
WELL, MY TURN'S
NOT OVER YET!
AND I'M ACTIVATING
THE SPEED SPELL
SPEED DEMON!
WHEN I HAVE 3 SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE SPEED DEMON
TO KNOCK YOU WITH
A THOUSAND POINTS OF DAMAGE!
WELL, SHE'S STILL
HANGING ON, BUT NOT
BY VERY MUCH.
STUPID TRUDGE.
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE
TO TURN THINGS AROUND.
WELL, IN THAT CASE,
I WILL.
I SUMMON WITCH
OF THE BLACK ROSE!
WHEN I SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMON THIS MONSTER
TO MY FIELD,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK.
BUT IF THE CARD
I DRAW'S NOT
A MONSTER CARD,
THEN WITCH OF
THE BLACK ROSE'LL
BE DESTROYED.
I DRAW! AND IT'S
DARK VERGER, SO
MY WITCH IS SAFE!
HMM! SAFE, BUT USELESS.
HUH?
I PLAY
CLIMACTIC BARRICADE!
THIS TRAP CAN ACTIVATE
WHEN YOU SUMMON A MONSTER,
AND ONCE IT DOES, I CAN
SEAL THAT MONSTER AWAY
FOR THE REST OF THIS TURN!
BUT THAT'S NOT THE
ONLY PIECE OF BAD NEWS
I HAVE FOR YOU, AKIZA.
FOR EVERY LEVEL-FOUR
OR BELOW MONSTER
YOU HAVE ON YOUR FIELD,
CLIMACTIC BARRICADE
DISHES OUT 500 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
SO LIKE I SAID EARLIER,
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE
TO TURN THINGS AROUND.
I'VE GOT
4 SPEED COUNTERS.
LET'S SEE IF I CAN
TURN THINGS AROUND
WITH THE SUMMON
SPEEDER SPEED SPELL.
THIS SPELL ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON ANOTHER
MONSTER FROM MY HAND.
I THINK I LIKE WHERE
THIS DUEL IS GOING, AKIZA.
YOU MAY HAVE STOPPED
WITCH OF THE BLACK ROSE
FROM ATTACKING,
BUT I CAN STILL USE IT
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
SO NOW IT GIVES
DARK VERGER A TUNE-UP.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
SPLENDID ROSE!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
SPLENDID ROSE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY TAKING
A PLANT MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVING IT
ENTIRELY FROM PLAY,
I CAN CUT BACK
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF A MONSTER ON
THE FIELD BY HALF!
YOUR STYGIAN
SERGEANTS JUST GOT
A LITTLE WEAKER.
[ROARING]
AND WITH THAT,
SPLENDID ROSE ATTACKS
STYGIAN SERGEANTS!
WHIP IT!
TOO LITTLE TOO LATE!
I'M NOT DONE.
THERE'S MORE WHERE
THAT CAME FROM.
THERE IS?
I REVEAL
MY TRAP CARD!
BLOSSOM BOMBARDMENT!
Computer:
WHEN YOUR PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
DESTROYS A MONSTER IN BATTLE,
BLOSSOM BOMBARDMENT DEALS DAMAGE
EQUAL TO HALF THE DESTROYED
MONSTERS ATTACK POINTS.
NOW GET READY
FOR MY SPLENDID ROSE
TO PRUNE YOUR LIFE
POINTS DOWN TO SIZE.
VERY CLEVER.
DUDE, WHAT IF THIS GIRL
ACTUALLY WINS THIS?
NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
HUH?
TIME FOR
THE DEMOLITION DERBY.
OH!
AKIZA!
HEH, HEH!
TAKE THAT, LOSER!
OH! OH!
WELL THAT'S NOT GOOD,
BUT IF SHE CAN'T REACT
FAST ENOUGH,
THEN SHE'S NOT CUT OUT
TO BE A TURBO DUELIST.
OH! OH!
OH! I CAN'T DO THIS.
IT'S ALL
ABOUT ANTICIPATION.
I KNOW YOU CAN
DO THIS, AKIZA.
JUST TRUST YOURSELF.
[THINKING]
YUSEI'S RIGHT!
AND IT'S TIME
I PROVE IT.
LOOK AT HER GO!
I KNEW
SHE COULD DO IT.
WHERE DID SHE LEARN HOW
TO RIDE LIKE THAT?
TRUDGE,
YOU'RE GOING DOWN.
I ACTIVATE
SPLENDID ROSE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY REMOVING A
PLANT MONSTER IN MY
GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
I CAN EMPOWER
SPLENDID ROSE
TO ATTACK AGAIN
WITH HALF
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
AND SINCE YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY MONSTERS OUT ON
YOUR FIELD, TRUDGE,
SPLENDID ROSE
ATTACKS YOU!
GO, AERIAL TWIST!
GOOD JOB, AKIZA!
YOU PASSED THE TEST.
HA HA!
HA HA HA!
NICE.
THAT'S OUR GIRL!
NEXT TIME,
LEAVE MY FRIEND ALONE.
[ALL GROANING]
IT WOULD SEEM THAT ALL
THE PIECES ARE GATHERING
ON THE BOARD.
HEY, YOU, HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE AN OFFICIAL TURBO DUELIST?
GREAT. JUST GREAT.